feat:exposing CBRs in DA (#594)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-kms-all-inclusive: solutions/standard/DA-types.md

# Configuring complex inputs for KMS in IBM Cloud projects

Several optional input variables in the IBM Cloud [KMS all inclusive deployable architecture](https://cloud.ibm.com/catalog#deployable_architecture) use complex object types. You specify these inputs when you configure deployable architecture.

> * Rules For Context-Based Restrictions (`cbr_rules`)

Reviewer: Rules are for the service (KMS in this case) which is known as CBR rules, you need to update this accordingly.

Author: fixed https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-kms-all-inclusive/pull/594/commits/806305d97382a08396e3ba9111e5efdbda2cf2cc

## Rules For Context-Based Restrictions <a name="cbr_rules"></a>

> The `cbr_rules` input variable allows you to provide a list of rules for the target service in this case the KMS all inclusive DA instance to enforce access restrictions for the instance based on the context of access requests. Context are criterias that include the network location of access requests, the endpoint type from where the request is sent etc ..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `cbr_rules` input variable allows you to provide a rule for the target service, in this case the KMS all inclusive DA instance, to enforce access restrictions for the instance based on the context of access requests. Context are criteria that include the network location of access requests, the endpoint type from where the request is sent, etc.
```

Author: fixed https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-kms-all-inclusive/commit/806305d97382a08396e3ba9111e5efdbda2cf2cc

- Variable name: `cbr_rules`.

> - Type: A list of objects. Each object represents a set of rules

Reviewer: Though this is a list but the list will only have one rule for the target service and not the set of rules.
Issue created for this - https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-icd-elasticsearch/issues/364

Author: fixed https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-kms-all-inclusive/commit/806305d97382a08396e3ba9111e5efdbda2cf2cc

- Default value: An empty list (`[]`).

### Options for cbr_rules

  - `description` (required): The description of the rule to create.
  - `account_id` (required): The IBM Cloud Account ID
  - `rule_contexts` (required): (List) The contexts the rule applies to
      - `attributes` (optional): (List) Individual context attributes
        - `name` (required): The attribute name.
        - `value`(required): The attribute value.

>   - `enforcement_mode` (required): The rule enforcement mode: `enabled` - The restrictions are enforced and reported. This is the default. `disabled` - The restrictions are disabled. Nothing is enforced or reported. `report` - The restrictions are evaluated and reported, but not enforced.

Reviewer: Please make the `enforcement_mode` type as nested bullet points, this one will be confusing for the users.

Author: fixed https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-kms-all-inclusive/commit/806305d97382a08396e3ba9111e5efdbda2cf2cc
